

--- New Page 1 ---
Page number: 1
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

 

Se epee rer

From: Clare Thomson

Sent: 21 Jume 2023 1621

Toa: laura Cooper

Subject: Re: Mory-Marcel Sangare
Attachments: update.docx

Hi Laura,

I've not had a chance to talk to you today, but hopefully this will be helpful for you

Thanks

Claire

From: Laura Cooper <Laure.Cooper@amoldciark.com>
Sent: 20 June 2023 17:09

To: Ciaire Thomson <Ctaire.Thomson@amolddark.com>
Cc: David Middleton <David.Middleton@amoldclark.com>
Subject: Mory-Marcel Sangare

Hi Claire

t will grve you a call tomorrow re the above however was just looking to see if you would be able to assist in
answering the below questions. | had to adjourn the meeting due to time constraints and will reconvene back on
Thursday afternoon.

in terms of the current task - Marcel put forward that he was advised that there was no requirements, no process,
wasn't specified to use a specific version etc and that is why he chose to do this in a modular fashion - is this the
case?

Regarding the current task - Marcel advised that this was up and running and was complete - is this the case?

If no specific requirements are given - what is the expectation of engineers should they query requirements/is there
standard requirements that they would always follow?

Marcel advised that he has never had any conversation/comments regarding his performance from either yourself
or concerns from his colleagues - is this the case?

Marcel advised that following on from this point, he had a conversation with yourself last Thursday where you were
satisfied with the work - is that the case?

Kind regards
Laura

Laura Cooper

People Advisor

Arnold Clark Automobiles Ltd
Tel: 0141 648 1390

208


--- New Page 2 ---
Page number: 2
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

   

7 sé

At Armmold Gark we work flexibly. I'm sending this message now because it suits my working hours. However, !
don't expect that you will read, respand to, ar action this message outside of your usual working hours.

The content of ths email ts confidential and intended for the recipient specified in message only. it ts strictly forbidden to
share any part of this message with any third party, without consent of the sender. if you received this message by
mstake, please reply to this message and follow with its deletion, so that we can ensure such a mistake does not ocour in
the future. If this email contains personal data it ts with the consent of the data subject. You may not disclose or share
this persona! data unless you have or obtain the consent of the data subject to do so.

209


--- New Page 3 ---
Page number: 3
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

In terms of the current task - Marcel put forward that he was advised that there was no
requirements, no process, wasn't specified to use a specific version etc and that is why he chose to
do this in a modular fashion - is this the case?

We use Jira as our work management system, Marcel’s original task was to catalogue all the AWS
components, so they were captured in terraform.

Since we had to correct course early when | highlighted the objective was for terraform to create the
infrastructure — not that a script should be run to capture manual changes, | decided the task was
too open ended and choose to reduce the scope of this ticket to focus on the VPCs specifically, and
to create a new one that was to just list everything we were trying to capture, so that could be split
into separate resource tickets in the future

As this ticket was split, the original description about which repo to use and that it should be the
same as our AKS structure, was left on the first one.

While the ticket did not specify the exact version to be used — Marcel had reviewed out current repo
and it was expected given his experience that he would follow the structure and versioning that was
consistent throughout (‘prior art’)

na a lat ean as

Identify all current AWS Resources

Gg Attach r PVs (oR Meu lie merits e A ett eee oc Tate Dm cele | LO)

Description

We should make sure that all AWS resources are laC using terraform (or other ansible (scripts only when not possible)

Work from a branch from the following repo

https://github.com/arnoldclark/ac-iac-platform - Connect your Github account

Create a new aws folder the same as we have for aks

move any existing aws related code into this folder too - like elasticsearch

There may be other pre-exisitng ansible code in other repos - if there is and it's still needed document in a readme
within this repo so we know where all the bits are and how they hang together should we need to rebuild aws resources

(I'm sure there are things like MaxScale somewhere - which will also need updated/patched)

Acceptance Criteria

Identify and list all AWS resources in all regions to be captured in terraform

Notes

Once list is produced a ticket will be created for each resource type so we can split into sepetate tickets for PRs

 

218


--- New Page 4 ---
Page number: 4
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

Terraform all AWS VPCs

Gj Attach rt Add a child issue ea at ite dhe InVision for Jira nas

Description

Terraform all AV C instances identified in &

eas) fear

Notes

Activity
Show: All Ele] a Me) CELE | Oldest first T=

 

As for the modular fashion, the first attempt had each resource separated, which as mentioned
previously is not correct as you can’t remove a VPC for example without all the resources with it
being affected.

Resource map New CIDRs Flow logs Tags

Resource map info

 

VPC Show details Subnets (6) Route tables (4) Network connections (2)
Yor WS virtual network Subnets within this VPC Route network traffic to resources Connections to other networks
acdotcom-failover eu-west-2a acdotcom-failover-main-rt acdotcom-failover-igw

acdotcom-failover-web-1a acdotcom-failover-db-rt acdotcom-failover-sync-nat-gw
® ntrodiacnig the VPC resaurce mn? acdotcom-failover-db-1a acdotcom-failover-web-rt
ee acdotcom-failover-sync acdotcom-failover-sync-rt

Solid lines represent

relationships between resources eu-west-2b
in your VPC. Dotted lines
represent network traffic to
network functions.

acdotcom-failover-web-1b

acdotcom-failover-db-1b
This feature is under
development and may change. eu-west-2c

Provide feedback acdotcom-failover-web-1c

 

211


--- New Page 5 ---
Page number: 5
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

Regarding the current task - Marcel advised that this was up and running and was complete - is this
the case?

At one point Marcel did have resources imported and plans running, but the structure did not meet
what we were trying to achieve, there were no pipelines, there was no PR, and the branch was in no
state to be merged.

It did not meet the definition of done.

212


--- New Page 6 ---
Page number: 6
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

If no specific requirements are given - what is the expectation of engineers should they query
requirements/is there standard requirements that they would always follow?

We do not give or engineers step by step guides on how to complete a task, there is ample
opportunity to discuss our work.

We do have daily catchups, group chat, calls to discuss if something is or isn’t working, we don’t just
decide to change course without discussion about why.

| do expect that we work on branches and commit our code — to facilitate discussions on the work
and to make sure if there was any holidays/medical issues etc someone else would be able to pick up
and continue.

| do not expect to have to open a PR myself on someone else’s work after having asked repeated
times for it to be done.

| do expect that the sole work of 3 days is more than 3 lines changed.

Merge remote-tracking branch ‘origin/master’ into INFRA-675/AWS
a mmshill sete

breaking down configs

os PL

adding vpc count for 30th may 2023

a mmshill com

modifying some parts of vpc-dc37dab5

eat Ce nL

Infra 675/aws

ADI eg TEL}

modifying some parts of vpc-de37dab5

an

a
Rec oC eC Rad

 

213


--- New Page 7 ---
Page number: 7
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

modifying some parts of vpc-dc37dab5 Creed

(een

breaking down configs change

Cea

Merge remote-tracking branch ‘origin/master’ into INFRA-675/AWS

Cen

Config modifications and merging of main.tf files

Ca

ee na

Dee Cana eter

Ney

em

aot
Ce Ce ess Cg

Sree tas el

ote tt aT La "cidr_block_vpc”
Uret SSC leak ead E "The CIDR block for the VPC"

 

214


--- New Page 8 ---
Page number: 8
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

Marcel advised that he has never had any conversation/comments regarding his performance from
either yourself or concerns from his colleagues - is this the case?

While | did not have a formal 1-2-1 to discuss performance, | did on numerous occasions point out
that things were not being committed or were not as expected leading to course corrections
throughout the task.

Colleagues may not have mentioned anything to Marcel in person, but concerns were raised to me
that certain discussions that took place previously had to be repeated as they had not been taken on
board.

remember to push your work to your branch &

Ley
Please remember to push your local commits to git it's good practice to push at a minimum at the end of the day, if you
were off sick for example someone could pick up where you left off

Marcel Sangare 19/05 11:0
Good morning Claire.Sorry you are absolutely right.It is just me and my silly habit of pushing only what appears to be the
best...bad habits die hard but something | do need to rectify indeed. i was trying t make the comments as consistent as
possible. | am just finishing the vpc_accounting script that will be pushed today as well

so on the branch “INFRA-675/AWS", under “aws”, there will be a folder “vpc_terraform_version_1.3.7" with the update to the
terraform config for all the vpc using version 1.3.7.

9/05 11:33
why? this should all be in one folder, it’s all still in separate folders?
It should be along these lines as discussed
AWS
-- main.tf (contains providers, versions, datablocks, locals)
-- vpc-1.tf
-- vpc-2.tf
-- variables.tf
-- output.tf

it should be “= 1.3.7"
fs ee
and please don't feel like anything has to be absolutely right ©

push frequently, get feedback when you need, it ask questions - I'm forever making commits that just say “Typo” ©

Marcel Sangare 19/05 11:45

yes indeed.So i first rewrote all the individual terraform configs using 1.3.7, tested them thoroughly .

the organization you mentioned above was mentioned by Zoe.i will do that next ..

iam on it now as well as the vpc accounting

Thanks! makes it so much easier to read, then we should be pretty close to that PR and getting VPCs out the way and on to
the next resource @

 

215


--- New Page 9 ---
Page number: 9
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

Ege BSc

Hello Claire.

Please can you have a look at the structure below for the vpc-0232b16b ; It is just os that you have an idea before i push this
afternoon.

so what i am doing at the moment is pretty much the same for all vpc. So i am breaking them down, each of them in their
individual folder such as below before then move on to merge them into a single folder as requested by you last week:

The reason why | initially opted for a single root project per vpc is because vpc on aws are considered isolated units so the
idea was to isolate them in into their own individual project for scalability and strict isolation from each other.

so there should only be one variables file and one outputs file - these are going to be the same inputs and outputs across all
VPCs - this is why pushing to git helps - then | can pull the branch and look at the code and discuss it rather than looking at

some file names on a screenshot

UY ETc BS re-set crea)

yes indeed...it will be as you mentioned below:

-- main.tf (contains providers, versions, datablocks, locals)
-- vpc-1.tf

-- vpc-2.tf

-- variables.tf

-- output.tf

so there will be a single main.tf a single variables.tf and a single output.tf

But in order to make this easier, i am breaking the individual configs along these lines before merging into a single folder

ie Pee

most of the variables will be in your files to start with anyway as it's not a module so it's defined in the code

we don't need things isolated, | get the original idea - but we want to be able to run a pipeline across them all - check for
changes etc - no manual running of anything

23/05 15:28

yeah I'm guessing you'll have no outputs or variables, so you'll only need the main.tf and the file with the VPC and all it's
settings

it'll be much tider and easier to understand

once that's done and everything is imported and there's no changes in the plans, it will be easier to make a module and pass
Tamme)

ro ® 8 @

Marcel Sangare 23/05 15:29
yes this is why i am breaking it down for each of them and theen use the broken down files to bukid a single configuration

OK r just keep remembering to commit - doesn't matter if it's not working or not ‘beautiful’ © | was so used to working
alone that | had that habit too ©} now | do tiny changes and push all day &

Marcel Sangare 23/05 15:3

i swear....i Il push the “broken down” configs every day

if not i must dmaned and not allowed to use linux anymore

P-)

 


--- New Page 10 ---
Page number: 10
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

Can you also remember in addition to pushing changes to git - you also need to pull changes from master into your branch to
keep it up to date please &

you will be OK as no one else ts working in the area you are at moment - but if we don't do it elsewhere we would get really
bad merge conflicts to resolve.

Marcel Sangare 30/05 13

Sorry Claire...believe me when i say that i was thinking about this this morning. OK i just wrote a little script of 10 lines that
will take care of that so that i cannot forget no matter what...i now completed the incorporation of the changes from master
Tacoma -Mele-lireg)

 

217


--- New Page 11 ---
Page number: 11
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

Marcel advised that following on from this point, he had a conversation with yourself last Thursday
where you were satisfied with the work - is that the case?

Again after Marcel had not followed what was asked and discussed — we followed up with another
call

@ RO Elcom
J

| think i did misinterpret this comment from you the last time we had a chat about the terraform for the vpc:

SD Calle

CeO eee
This si why i was going that route
but what is finally asked is pretty straightforward

and will be done by tomorrow i think...i am already on it

No worries, | did follow that up on a catchup and actually make the changes to show you and said we had no variables or
outputs at this time, | dragged a dropped the file into the folder, | thought you realised that the variables and outputs would
just be empty or even non existent. As long as we're on the right page now 4

That's why draft PRs are good and we can discuss what's happening c-)

@ yes indeed we are and this way is even easier ®

 

(This referred to my initial “along these lines” structure, which was discussed on a call after and then
again on the 23 about not requiring the outputs/variables at this point as we wanted to ‘keep it
simple’.)

218


--- New Page 12 ---
Page number: 12
Title of ebook of origin: 23.exchange_between_hr_and_claire_after_1st_hr_meeting.pdf

HI Claire.1 was wondering for what time tomorrow you would like to book some time to review what we spoke about today ?
am just about to upload that version too on git and send you the link in advance

many thanks in advance

branch dedicated to AWS, we have the following :

-The path to the version with all the terraform configs under one folder

https://github.com/arnoldclark/ac-iac-platform/tree/INFRA-675/AWS/aws/vpc terraform version 1.3.7/all-configs-in-one

-The path to the version with all the terraform configs using modules (work in progress)

https://github.com/arnoldclark/ac-iac-platform/tree/INFRA-675/AWS/aws/vpc terraform version 1.3.7/all-vpc-terraform

Was looking into the random VPC that were in places that we didn't know about, they are default ones (says yes under default
in the UI ) they are managed differently with terraform
https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/default vpc

we can look through all this tmw

@ Claire Thomson

we can look through all this tmw

eee eee Um ee ele

I've popped half an hour in tmw morning, got a few things on my calendar, so can start there and catch up again later if we
need

@ Good morning Claire.Can i call you now ?

 

And at this point | was satisfied that the changes Marcel was making to his previous work were going
in the correct direction now. The folder structure still did have to change as did the VPC resources to
Default VPC resources, but we were still a long way from being done.

219
